KT-624 multiple events per topic (#983)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/multiple-event-types/kafka/markup/test/make-produce-consume-application-test.adoc

There are four test methods in `MultiEventProduceConsumeAppTest` one for the Avro producer,  Protobuf producer, Avro consumer, and the Protobuf consumer.  Before you create the test, let's look at some of key parts of using a mock producer and consumer.

.Replaying the history of produced records
[source,java]
----
// Details left out for clarity

MockProducer<String, CustomerEventProto.CustomerEvent> mockProtoProducer
                = new MockProducer<>(true, stringSerializer, protobufSerializer); <1>
List<CustomerEventProto.CustomerEvent> events = produceConsumeApp.protobufEvents();
produceConsumeApp.produceProtobufEvents(() -> mockProtoProducer, (String) commonConfigs.get("proto.topic"), events);<2>

 actualKeyValues = mockProtoProducer.history().stream().map(this::toKeyValue).collect(Collectors.toList()); <3>
assertThat(actualKeyValues, equalTo(expectedKeyValues));
----

<1> Creating the `MockProducer`
<2> Executing the produce of Protobuf records with the mock producer
<3> Replaying the history of the producer

> It's in annotation three above you see how we can use a mock producer in the test, we validate that all the records we exepected to produce were sent to the producer correctly. The test for the Avro producer has the identical logic so we won't review it here, but you can view the full source code if you'd like to see it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In annotation 3 above, we can use a mock producer in the test to validate that all the records we expected to be produced were sent to the producer correctly. The test for the Avro producer has identical logic so we won't review it here, but you can view the full source code if you'd like to see it.
```
